# v2.2.3
- removed Elixir 1.4 warnings
- Bugfix: `export: __MODULE__` didn't work in operations macros

# v2.2.2
- fix compund matches with structs

# v2.2.1
- Bugfix: support compound matches
- Bugfix: support ExActor macros from other macros

# v2.2.0
- Support interface & handler specific guards (see [docs](http://hexdocs.pm/exactor/2.2.0/ExActor.Operations.html) for details)
- Remove warnings on Elixir 1.1

# v2.1.2
- Bugfix: pattern matching on `nil` state didn't work properly

# v2.1.1
- Relaxed Elixir version dependency to `~> 1.0`
- Bugfix: Proper lineno generation in client code.
- Improve pattern matching handling (see [docs](http://hexdocs.pm/exactor/2.1.1/ExActor.Operations.html#defcall/3) for details)

# v2.1.0
- Added parameterizable timeout in calls (see [docs](http://hexdocs.pm/exactor/2.1.0/ExActor.Operations.html#defcall/3) for defcall)

# v2.0.1
- Fixed the docs link in `mix.exs`

# v2.0.0

## New features
- `defstart` macro which simplifies definition of starters.
- `defmulticall` and `defabcast` macros for distributed support.
- `defhandlecall`, `defhandlecast`, and `defhandleinfo` for implementation of handlers only
- default arguments can be specified via `\\`
- `defcall` and `defcast` can be called without specifying the body
- Support for `timeout` and `hibernate` replies.

## Breaking changes
- Pattern matching now works on interface functions as well (previously it was done only in handler functions).
- Starter functions are not automatically generated anymore. You can use `defstart` macro to create them.
- When calling `use ExActor.*` options `:initial_state`, and `:starters` are not available anymore.
- `definfo` is renamed to `defhandleinfo`
- Option `export: false` is not available in `defcall` and `defcast`. If you want to implement just handlers, use `defhandle*`

## Migration from 1.0

For migration examples, check [here](https://github.com/sasa1977/con_cache/commit/2ef8151d43dc9c4816814ffa6c4135ff453c59e1) and [here](https://github.com/sasa1977/workex/commit/7f32aad492b25d89d1f5c2f285c624f16a02022e)

A non exhaustive list of changes you may have to do in your project:

- Add explicit starters via `defstart`. If you need to support `start` and `start_link`, you can do it like this:

```elixir
defstart start(x, y)
defstart start_link(x, y) do
  # initialization runs for both start/2 and start_link/2
end
```

- Replace all `definit` with `defstart` if possible, or use body-less `defstart` with an explicit `definit`.
- If you used `initial_state`, set the state explicitly in `defstart`.
- Replace `definfo` with `defhandleinfo`.

# v1.0.0
- migrated to Elixir 1.0.0

# v0.7.0
- migrated to Elixir 1.0.0-rc1
- introduced `defcastp` and `defcallp` (see [docs](http://sasa1977.github.io/exactor/ExActor.Operations.html) for more details)

# v0.6.0
- migrated to Elixir v0.15.0

# v0.5.0
- migrated to Elixir v0.14.0
- various internal refactorings (API and behavior remain unchanged)

# v0.4.0
- migrated to Elixir v0.13.3 (backwards incompatible with earlier versions)
- add `name` option to allow dynamic specification of registered alias while starting
- make autogenerated start functions overridable
- add `starters: false` option to allow omitting generated start functions
- add support for `export: {:via, module, name}`
- migrate to new `GenServer`

# v.0.3.2
- adapted to Elixir v0.13.1 (backwards compatible with 0.13.0)

# v.0.3.1
- "dummy" empty version due to Hex limitations

# v.0.3.0
- removed implicit "smart" returns
- removed default `use ExActor`

# v0.2.1

- migrated to Elixir v0.13.0

# v0.2.0

This version introduces some significant changes. If you don't want to incorporate them, there is a tag for 0.1. Keep in mind that I won't maintain the 0.1, so your best option is to fork it and maintain it yourself.

On the plus side, the migration to the new version should not be very complicated (unless you're relying on tuple modules support). Here are quick pointers for migrating from old API to the new one:

## Predefines

The point of predefines is to make the decision about default implementations explicit. Earlier, you used `use ExActor` and the default implementation was implicit. Now you have to decide which implementation do you want, or you can easily make your own. If you want to keep the status quo, just use `use ExActor.GenServer`.

## Deprecated implicit "smart" returns

```elixir
definit do: some_state                  # deprecated
definit do: initial_state(some_state)

defcall op, do: response                # deprecated
defcall op, do: reply(response)

defcast op, do: :ok                     # deprecated
defcast op, do: noreply

definfo msg, do: :ok                    # deprecated
definfo msg, do: noreply
```

Beside these "special" responses, you can use standard `gen_server` responses. The reason for this change was again to make things more explicit, and aligned with standard `gen_server` approach.

## Dropped tuple modules support

There's no way around this - if you use ExActor tuple modules support, you need to change the code to classical functional approach, or remain on version 0.1. The tuple modules support was more a hack, to make some code in blog articles more OO-ish. In hindsight, this was a mistake that made the ExActor code more complicated, so I decided to drop it.
